added description of SESSION_LENGTH variable (#727)
wandb/docs: docs/guides/hosting/iam/advanced_env_vars.md

| Environment variable | Description |
|----------------------|-------------|
| DISABLE_SSO_PROVISIONING | Set this to `true` to disable user auto-provisioning in your W&B instance. |

> | SESSION_LENGTH | To configure the SSO login session expiry, set this environment variable to the desired number of hours. The default value is 720 hours (24 hours * 30 days). Note: the value should be specified without the "h" unit. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| SESSION_LENGTH | If you would like to change the default user session expiry time, set this variable to the desired number of hours. E.g., set it as `24` to configure session expiry time of 24 hours which is equivalent to a day. The default value is 720 hours which is equivalent to 30 days. |
```
